Update docs/tooltips page content (#2262)
vanilla-framework/vanilla-framework: docs/en/patterns/tooltips.md

## Tooltips

<hr>

Tooltips are text labels that appear when the user hovers over, focuses on, or touches an element on the screen.

> - Can be used to provide information about concepts/terms/actions that are not self-explanatory or well known.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- They can be used to provide information about concepts/terms/actions that are not self-explanatory or well known.
```

> - Can be introduced to provide information on a disabled actionable element, e.g. for disabled buttons provide information about why they are disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An alternative use of tooltips is to provide information on a disabled actionable element, e.g. for disabled buttons, providing information about why they are disabled.
```
